# Welcome-to-NextGen-Wellness-Clinic
Welcome to Healthcare Reimagined. Reimagine healthcare that is about outcomes. That is about caring. That is about innovation. That is about people. Imagine NextGen. HealthCare Reimagined is a term used to define a practice of assessing and treating a patient as a whole person by taking into consideration his or her full range of physical, mental, behavioral, emotional, social, environmental and spiritual factors. Definitions of HealthCare Reimagined Nextgen specializes in primary care, physical therapy, federal workers’ comp, chiropractic services and concierge medicine. Our expertise has made Nextgen the chosen provider of Federal Workers Compensation Assistance (OWCP).  “Health” is the foundation for HealthCare Reimagined and is defined by the World Health Organization (WHO) as a “State of complete physical, mental, and social well being, and not merely the absence of disease or infirmity.” HealthCare Reimagined addresses all these aspects with the practitioner and the patient working in partnership rather than the practitioner simply diagnosing and treating illnesses and symptoms. NextGen practices medicine in ways that reaffirm the importance of the relationship between practitioner and patient. That focuses on the whole person, is informed by evidence, and makes use of all appropriate therapeutic approaches, healthcare professionals, and disciplines to achieve optimal health and healing.  WE OFFER  Primary Care Physical Therapy Chiropractic Care Pain Management Counseling &amp; Psychotherapy WE ACCEPT  Commercial Insurance Federal &amp; State Workers Comp Personal Injury Protection Med Pay/Medical Payments Letters of Protection
